Add decisions regarding user names (#12)
appuio/appuio-io-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/quality-requirements/usability/user-name-stable.adoc

= Stable user name

Source::

> ???
> 
> Stimulus::
> User name is used to determine to which organization(s) a user belongs
> 
> Environment::
> All APPUiO Zones
> 
> Artifact::
> IDP (Keycloak)
> 
> Response::
> ???
> 
> Response measure::
> ???

Reviewer: Something like this?
```suggestion
Developer

Stimulus::
User has desire to change the username.

Environment::
All APPUiO Zones

Artifact::
IDP (Keycloak)

Response::
Username is not changed

Response measure::
* System prevents username change via API with an error message
* UI prevents editing of the username property 
```
